[Music]
hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm
going to show you how to make an avocado
BLT now I constantly get requests for
like more salads more sandwiches just
kind of quicker things to eat and a BLT
is a classic but I'm throwing in the
avocado because I really like it so let
me take your reading gradients so we can
get started I'm going to need some thick
cut bacon some Bibb lettuce or Boston
lettuce whatever it's calling your store
some sliced tomatoes avocado a little
bit of lemon juice some fresh parsley
extra virgin olive oil salt pepper and
the bread of your choice I am using just
gorgeous Italian bread so around loaf
and I've cut about half inch slices off
of that but you can use whatever bread
that you like it's up to you now the
first thing we do is the oven preheated
to 425 and I'm going to toast my bread
and cook my bacon at the same time in
the oven now I'm going to cook my bacon
all I'm doing right now is just
drizzling my bread with a little bit of
olive oil and what I'm going to do with
my bacon is I'm going to cook it on my
broiler pan here or you can use any kind
of pan that you can put a rack over
because that way the bacon fat car drips
down and the bacon cooks evenly it
doesn't cook you know doesn't sit in fat
so I'm just going to put my bacon slices
on here and I'm going to put the bacon
and the bread in the oven the bacon will
take about 10 to 15 minutes the bread
should take about 10 minutes the ovens
on at 425 once they're done we'll put
the whole thing together pretty much I
just took my bread out of the other and
now I'm going to work on the avocado now
I've done is I've happed it and I've
taken out the stone and I'm going to
take half of this and I'm going to put
it into this bowl now what I'm doing is
because I don't want to use Mayo I'm
going to mash half of the avocado and
the half of the avocado is going to ask
is that creaming component that would be
on your BLT which is classically Mayo
OOP but I don't want to see other lemon
putting in some lemon juice to stop it
from browning and give me some color
pinch of salt and some fresh parsley
and I'm just going to take a fork and
just mash it all together alright so I
have that done I took my other half of
the avocado and I just sliced it
I also took my bacon out of the oven and
we're pretty much ready to assemble now
I'm going to take one piece of bread at
a time and I'm going to divide the
mashed avocado mixture between the two
slices that looks good
take some tomato slices you can use any
kind of tomatoes you want and of course
you don't have to use the avocado if you
don't want to you could just use regular
mail and make a regular BLT but I like
it this way it's so nice you know it's a
nice twist it's a nice change on a
classic I'm going to season the tomatoes
with a little salt and pepper and that's
good and just a little teeny tiny
drizzle of olive oil on the tomatoes
themselves like less than a half a
teaspoon now that you have your bottom
layer I'm going to top it with the bacon
not to the other slice I'm going to take
some of this avocado that we've sliced
and I'm just going to divide that with
the two remaining slices season the
avocados with some salt because you know
avocados they need salts because they're
very bland they're very rich in flavor
meaning they're very thick um when you
taste an avocado it's not like a light
thing it does taste very rich is I've
got a lot of healthy fats in it but it
is relatively bland I'm putting this
lettuce on the wrong side tap the
avocado just a little bit of your
lettuce and then just pretty much unite
the two and that is done whoops
oh that's gorgeous God is money
mm-hmm so bug so easy you can make this
if you want through this way or you can
make it more traditional without the
avocado it's completely up to you but if
you want to get this recipe go Debbie W
on your comm I'll see you next time bye
bye
[Music]